FFWEB-1446: Documentation of ffReady params (#223)
FACT-Finder-Web-Components/documentation: markdown/3.x/en/documentation/configuration.md

While `ff-communication` provides a declarative way to configure the communication, it is also possible to do so directly via JavaScript as followed:

```js
document.addEventListener("ffReady", (event) => { // "ffReady"-event ensures global factfinder object to exist
    const factfinder      = event.factfinder;
    const eventAggregator = event.eventAggregator;

    factfinder.communication.globalSearchParameter.url = "http://web-components.fact-finder.de/FACT-Finder-7.2";
    factfinder.communication.globalSearchParameter.version = "7.2";
    factfinder.communication.globalSearchParameter.channel = "bergfreunde-co-uk";

>     

Author: factfinder is still globally accessible variable, which need to exsits. However as I understand, we want to discourage from using it.

Changing `factfinder` to anything different in my opinion, will only brings not necessary informative hum, users may think that (event.factFinder || event.ff ) !== factfinder.
I think It's better to keep this reduncancy

>     

Reviewer: It still shadows `factfinder` variable, which may be intended here. However, I don't like variable shadowing.

>     

Reviewer: @omikron-fp, @toarm: We have just had a discussion with Alexander and we'd like to know your opinion. Should we shadow the variable or rename the constant? This issue will also occur in demos.

To prevent FACT-Finder Web Components from missing a factfinder response, before they are loaded, dispatching of results to subscribers is cached and deferred until all components are ready to receive the response. As soon as FACT-Finder Web Components have finished loading `ff-communication` calls `factfinder.communication.ResultDispatcher.startDispatching()`. If `ff-communication` is not used, `factfinder.communication.ResultDispatcher.startDispatching()` has to be called manually in JavaScript.

> Although entire configuration can be done using JavaScript, we discourage direct use of custom JavaScript to do that and strongly recommend to configure everything through FACT-Finder Web Components. You might take a closer look at [ff-core.d.ts](https://github.com/FACT-Finder-Web-Components/ff-web-components/blob/master/dist/ff-core.d.ts).

Reviewer 2: It might come across a little smoother like this:
```suggestion
Although the entire configuration can be done using JavaScript, we discourage direct use of custom JavaScript to do so and strongly recommend to configure everything through FACT-Finder Web Components. You might want to take a closer look at [ff-core.d.ts](https://github.com/FACT-Finder-Web-Components/ff-web-components/blob/master/dist/ff-core.d.ts).
```
